# NeedleSimulation
We will toss 1,444,444 discs of a certain diameter and make a note of how many lines they cross. We will do this for different diameters to note how the probability changes according to diameter and we will also look at how the probabilities differ for the number of lines they cross. 
I want to graph the probabilities as a line and I want to make these lines a function of the diameter. I also want to show the probability of each disc crossing multiple lines (up to 4). We can use some common sense and realize that discs with a diameter less than one, will cross at most one line. Discs with a diameter over one will surely cross one, if not more. We also know that a disc with a diameter of 2 will cross 2 for sure and a disc with a diameter of 3 will cross 3. 
I made four functions for the different probabilities. In each, I had 1,444,444 throws. Each throw went to a random spot between 0 and 1. If the radius plus the spot was greater than one or the radius minus the spot was less than 0, it crossed one line. If it was both, then it crossed two. If the spot plus the radius was greater than 2 and it was less than 0, it crosses three lines. Likewise, if it was both less than -1 and greater than 1, it also crosses three lines. There are no circumstances in which these diameters cross four lines. 
I also had four helper methods. Each looped through the different diameters and found their corresponding probability. I then subsequently plotted the diameter to the respective probability. 
